(# GlACOMO PUCClNl:
O Mio Babbino Caro)
# O mio babbino caro
# Mi piace, e bello, bello
# Vo'andare in Porta Rossa
# A comperar l'anello! #
(SlGHS) Are you ready?.
Can you believe 50% of our mark
is about to be decided?.
Something terrible has happened.
What?.
Well, when I was writing this,
I had this amazing feeling
Iike it was the most original...
thought-provoking dissertation
ever written.
In the English language.
But now, looking back over it...
...well, it's more like the...
tedious meandering waffle of a madwoman.
What's going on?.
You're probably just too close to it
to be objective. Want me to...?.
Fuck off.
What if it's shit?.
What if it's genius?.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(# DUANE EDDY: House Of The Rising Sun)
What I'm thinking... is what they're
gonna want is a playlist of the self.
Five songs that distil my essence.
Who is Kingsley Owen?.
They will ask you about your work ethic,
or if you are a team player.
No, no, no, no, no.
They're gonna be like...
"Do you dig Miles??"
You just don't want to be pretentious
or, you know...
boring.
I have to get back to the office.
Um, cool. I'll call you later, yeah?.
Let you know how it goes?.
Cool.
(HE CLEARS HlS THROAT)
I may come with you on the Megabus.
I'm applying for a job at Ordnance Survey,
but they're based in London.
I need to do a recce
of the surrounding environment,
make sure we're compatible.
I don't want to work for Ordnance Survey
if it requires, for example,
being kettled by Metropolitan Police
on a daily basis,
as happened on my last visit to London.
I'm pretty sure
you're not going to get randomly kettled
on the way to work, Howard.
Oh, Kingsley doesn't "think"
I'll get kettled. How reassuring(!)
And yet experience tells me
that on 1 00% of my visits to London,
I have been kettled.
Therefore, it is only sensible
to make sure. So, can I come?.
I guess,
but you have to be ready early, OK?.
Oh, don't you worry.
I'll be ready.
Hi, Tony.
Thanks for calling. Um...
I've got two minutes, so let me download
the facts and then you can respond, OK?.
Basically, Jeanette Winterson has agreed
to be our judge for the Shawcross...
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh, yes, it's fabulous.
But the thing is, she only has time
to judge the two best poems.
Now, what I need is someone
to read through the bulk of the poems
and choose Jeanette's two.
A stableboy, if you will.
Someone to shovel through the shit
and find the gold.
And I thought of you.
Now, I know that lecturers
don't make the big money any more,
so, er, I can offer you
£1 00 plus expenses.
Because I'm offering you the chance
to work with Jeanette Winterson!
Oh, thank you.
That's great. OK, you won't regret this.
I promise.
(RAlSED VOlCES)
Rosa, why are there six angry men in
wheelchairs in my office, shouting at me?.
They are protesting your decision
to take away their minibus.
I didn't take away their minibus.
It's the murderball team.
That's the murderball team.
Yes, that's the murderball team.
No, that's the murderball team.
OK, why do we keep saying it?.
Those men in wheelchairs
are the murderball team.
"Murderball" is another word
for wheelchair rugby.
Yes, you took away their special minibus.
The one that takes them
from the outreach programme
to the disadvantaged youth centre.
And you used the money to fund poems
for a prize named after yourself.
Obviously, you knew that.
Because you wouldn't slash funding
for something
without understanding what it was for,
would you?.
(SHOUTlNG)
Oh, no.
(THEY CHANT)
Where's our bus?. Where's our bus?.
Ohh.
Oregon, are you about for a chat?.
(SlGHS)
Vod, can we have a talk about...?.
Yes, hello, Nightline?.
I need to talk to someone.
About something I've done.
Something terrible.
I've had sex with JP before.
Quite a few times.
But this is the first time
we've ever done it...
...sober.
I fucking hate myself.
Yeah, well,
I would talk to my friends about it,
except they're all third years
and they're too busy,
so I'm in this on my own.
(SlGHS)
Maybe I need to detach myself
from these people.
Try and be more...
...self-sufficient.
More independent.
(SlGHS)
Yeah, I'm the guy who, yeah,
will listen to I'm Ready by Royal Trux
when he gets fucked on Jack.
But sees no contradiction
in rolling out of bed the nex day
and is slowly grooving to Sweet Caroline
by Neil Diamond
while he sips his morning latte.
No, wait...
Well...the family baton
has been foisted upon me.
So, here I am.
About to don my father's suit
and go for a job in the City
with a starting salary of 1 00K.
I tried so hard to escape my destiny.
But alas,
she has come to claim me.
Have you tried that hard, though?.
I mean, really?.
Of course I have.
You wouldn't understand.
You don't have a destiny.
But people like me...
we always have a destiny.
And we must always fulfil that destiny.
Because if we didn't,
the whole fabric of society would unravel.
I mean, what would happen if...
people like me stopped
quietly accepting their privilege
and started shirking the responsibility
of being in charge of everything?.
We are overwhelmed with gratitude.
Eurgh. Another shit one.
Add that to the shit pile.
Where's the good pile?.
There is no good pile. They're all shit.
(PHONE RlNGS AND VlBRATES)
Hi, Nas, have they gone yet?.
Well, they're gonna have to eat and sleep
at some point,
so can you just let me know
when they've given up?.
Ooh, To The President. This sounds
hopeful. It might be political.
"You took away my rugby
You took away my bus
"You took away all hopes and dreams
from us."
OK, well, that doesn't even scan properly.
"l hope you die of something
Like tetanus or Aids
"lf I wasn't in a wheelchair
I'd dance upon your grave."
Shit. Oh!
(PANTS)
No, not a-shitting-nother one.
Oh, sweaty fucking Christ.
Right, you dozy fuckers.
Let's do a bong.
HOWARD: What did you just say?.
I said, load up the billy,
I wanna smoke a bowl.
- Why are you talking like that?.
- Like what?.
Also, um, I need a new nickname.
- The ldiot?.
- Something, um, cool and catchy
and something people will chant,
like, er...you know, Josie is...
- Cosy.
- No! Something cool.
People already think I'm too nice.
- (PHONE VlBRATES)
- I've got it.
- OREGON: Ohh! Leave me alone.
- OK, what about...?.
Listen.
What about...
- Jobbo?.
- No.
- Jobbo, yeah?.
- It sounds like a cross
between a blow job and a poo.
- No, it doesn't.
- I don't like Jobbo.
Guess what?.
Jobbo doesn't care if you don't like her.
That's what makes her so fucking likeable.
(PHONE CHlMES AND VlBRATES)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACH)
I need a lift right now.
- Oregon?.
- Where?.
- Er, West Wittering.
- Yeah, great.
Where's that?. Is it far?.
- Quite far.
- Great.
- Where are you going?.
- Just a little getaway.
Not like driving away fast
from the scene of a crime or anything.
Just like a mini-break.
- Is it?.
- Sort of, yeah.
Er, I need to see an old friend, Paz,
down at a free space commune.
Is that my lipstick?.
No. Can I come?.
Sorry, Jose,
it's not really a group thing.
Oregon's just gonna drop me down there.
A commune's not really a group thing?.
Right, so you're going, Oregon's going,
and the three boys are going to London.
So, if I don't go, I'll just be here
on my own like Robinson Crusoe
and I'll end up talking to a beachball
and eating my own legs, or something.
No. I'll just get fresh knickers.
- No...
- Why are you going to West Wittering?.
Need to see an old friend.
Get some advice.
I'll explain more later, yeah?.
Shall we?.
Wait for Jobbo.
(DOOR CLOSES)
JOSlE: So, we introduce me as Jobbo, yeah?.
Cos that's my new name now.
OREGON: What the fuck is that?.
JOSlE: What, this?.
This is Jobbo's marijuana cap.
VOD: Who the fuck is Jobbo?.
JOSlE: I'm Jobbo. It's my new nickname.
Anyway, according to their website,
your anarchist commune
do shamanic eraldaketa sessions.
They do what?.
Completely changes your personality
for a significant amount of time.
Jobbo's gonna take some.
- No, she is not.
- Yes, she fucking is.
Shamanic eraldaketa?.
That's pure fucking Jobbo.
There it is.
- JOSlE: That's free space?.
- VOD: Yeah.
- I thought it'd be more...
- Ye-e-eah.
Why are we here again?.
Er, see Paz, my friend from my band.
You'll like her, Oregon.
She's a sand-poet.
She's a what?.
VOD: Oh, there she is.
- (PHONE CHlMES AND VlBRATES)
- Oi, Paz.
OREGON: Nas?. What?.
But it's been 24 hours.
How can they still be there?.
Jesus Christ,
what more do they want from me?.
- Everything OK?.
- Yeah. Everything's brilliant.
- Oh, Vod! Welcome.
- Ahh!
I'm the guy with Dropout Boogie
by Beefheart going in one earphone,
and September by Earth Wind & Fire
in the other.
Hurry up, I've got just enough time
to get to my interview.
- What's the quickest way to Temple?.
- Haven't you checked?.
Well, no, I thought they'd send a car.
Oh, here, I've got a map.
Howard's day bag has useful items
for every eventuality.
Mind the gap.
- Oh, hold on, that's my application.
- Get on with it!
Get on! I'm gonna be late.
- Howard, get on the train.
- Come on!
Driver!
What's the protocol now?. Do we get off
at the nex station and go back?.
What if Howard's got on the nex train
and then he gets off at the nex station
and goes back,
but then we're already
on the nex train forwards?.
Where does it end?.
I don't have time for this shit.
We'll just call him
when we get above ground.
Howard's from Glasgow, isn't he?.
He can look after himself.
And then I printed out my essay
and that was just loads of meaningless
bits of paper all put together.
And now I'm thinking...
(SlGHS)... I don't know what to do.
That is an obscene amount of money
to spend on shuttlecocks.
I say we cut Bad Soc funding in half
and send that back to murderball.
Yeah, uh-huh. Mm, uh-huh.
Mm-hm. OK, OK.
Now read me the budget for hockey.
Why not get yourself a meaningless
bit of paper, if that's what you want?.
I don't know if it is what I want.
You know,
and I owe all this money and, ugh,
no idea how I'm gonna pay it back,
and what if it was like the band?.
- Cor!
- You know?.
Cos at the beginning, we were all like,
we're gonna be famous,
our lyrics are gonna change the world,
- and we actually believed it.
- Yeah!
Then we were, like, sleeping in the back
of a van for three years.
Tssh.
Ohh.
What if this whole university thing's
just another pointless dream?.
Oh, come on.
Come on.
All I'm saying is,
there's no boundaries any more.
We're in a post-genre landscape.
It's fucking anarchy.
And I'm just watching it all play out
with Forever Changes by Love
on heavy rotation.
OK, then, peeps. Let's kick things off
with the first question.
Er, Kingsley,
how would you describe your work ethic?.
So, what's with this Jobbo thing, then?.
You just imagined a new personality
out of thin air?.
- Yeah, why not?.
- Where'd you get your, er, inspiration?.
Oh, where'd you get your lipstick?.
I got it from a really crazy little shop
- you've never even heard of.
- Oh.
What can I say?.
When God made Jobbo,
- he broke the mould.
- PAZ: Hi, guys.
Right, some more info.
All right, there we are.
First of all, let me say
how impressed we are with your CV.
And from what your brother's told me,
I think you're exactly the kind of chap
we're looking for
here at Frome & Harrington.
I'm just gonna run you through
a couple of simple questions.
I'm sure it's nothing you can't handle.
What do you feel you'd bring to the role
of wealth manager's assistant?.
(HE PUFFS)
Mm.
I'd probably bring...
...cheese sandwiches.
- I'm sorry?.
- And a little flask of tea.
You know, one of those ones
with the little...detachable cup on top.
I meant qualities you'd bring
that make you suitable for the role.
OK. First up...
... I've got a great sense of humour.
No?. Um... Sure.
I can see you're looking at me, thinking,
"Jonathan, wouldn't it, for example,
"be better to mention
something like maths at this point??"
But, actually, I'd be up for any kind of
evil shit you want me to undertake.
Er, gambling with people's pensions,
Iying about investments,
hiding Nazi gold.
Sign me up.
I just wanna get my Christmas bonus.
And I will do literally anything
to get it.
So, yeah, I guess you could put that down
as a quality.
I dunno what you'd call that.
Grasping.
Greedy.
Ruthless.
Amoral.
Yes, Jonathan,
that's not quite what I meant.
- Look...
- Oh!
I don't care about the old people
or the poor people,
any kind of people, except our people.
Hm?.
Now, that
is what makes me right for this job.
Shall I take your plate?.
Time for washing-up duty.
OK, that's it. I can't take any more.
Tell me what's going on here, please, Vod.
- What d'you mean?.
- I mean...
you have to have a trick
up your sleeve, right?.
Like, um...
Like we're gonna steal all the drugs.
Or a really hot guy's gonna turn up
who we all wanna have sex with,
who maybe we will all have sex with,
cos it's just that kind of vibe.
I'm not sure I follow.
I'm talking about this place
and how you've gotta have some sort
of ulterior motive for being here.
Because it can't be over a desire
to do washing-up duty
or read a big book of rules, can it, Vod?.
- Shh.
- This isn't you.
Yeah, well, maybe you don't know me
as well as you thought.
PAZ: Sorry, no smoking in the main hall.
Yeah, not so much anarchist commune
as, er, nanny state, eh, Paz?.
Listen, Jobbo.
I've gotta live with these people, OK?.
So, try not to piss 'em off.
What d'you mean, live with them?.
You are coming back to Manchester,
aren't you, Vod?.
OK, fine, look,
I didn't wanna make a big fuss about it,
but I might be moving here.
- When?.
- Now.
You can't just drop out
right before your exams. That's madness.
Why d'you care, Jobbo?.
OK, guys, if I call your name,
you're through to the nex round.
If I don't call your name, thanks so much
for coming, you haven't made it this time,
but there is feedback available
over by Simeon.
OK?. So...
Juniper.
Yes!
Frankie.
Hannah.
And Asif.
Yeah! Thank you.
Everyone else, thanks for your time
and all the best for the future.
OK, let's crack on with round two.
Oh, and don't forget your feedback.
Feedback.
Some feedback. Oh!
Feedback, yeah.
Thanks.
Because what I need
in the wake of this soul crushing
and, frankly, heartbreaking failure
is a big list of what's wrong with me.
Yes, please, BBC 6 Music.
While you're at it,
why don't you cut my throat and ask
if I mind if you stamp on my head?.
Your moustache is horrid, by the way.
There's my "feedback" for you.
How do you like it?.
Feedback's optional.
Thanks. Thank you.
- To freedom.
- Yeah.
Except I don't wanna be free.
I wanna be an intern at BBC 6 Music.
And instead, I get fucking feedback.
Knutsford, I think you're taking this
all too much to heart.
What did the feedback say?.
- I don't know, I didn't take it.
- You didn't take it?.
When someone rejects you, the last thing
you want is a list of reasons.
I just thought it might be useful
for nex time.
If you get another interview.
Where the fuck is Howard?.
I texed him and told him to meet us here.
- I'll tex him again.
- I should've taken the feedback.
- I should've read what they had to say...
- (PHONE CHlMES)
...so I could be better nex time.
Oh, shit!
Oh, shit. Howard's phone.
Thanks to the invention
of the hand-held device,
I don't have one useful
telephone number memorised.
And all I can think to do
is call the operator
and speak to John at Ordnance Survey,
ask for his help, but...
how can I admit to the man
at Ordnance Survey that I'm lost?.
I mean, look at me.
First morning in the capital
and I'm already destitute.
Rita, this may sound strange, but...
can you spare me some change?.
You came all the way to London
just to commit interview suicide?.
Fuck Tomothy.
I went and did his stupid little interview
and now he needs to let go of my balls.
And if he doesn't let go of my balls,
I'm gonna tell him to suck on my balls.
I did his stupid interview.
He didn't say how well I had to do it.
I'm my own man.
I will not be dictated to by my brother.
- I shall do as I wish.
- Like what?.
- Dunno. Something amazing.
- For example?.
For example, think of something
amazing to do and then do it...
amazingly.
You're not worried?. At all?.
I'm not worried.
(SCOFFS) Why would I be worried?.
And even if I was worried,
I wouldn't allow myself to feel worried,
because feelings of weakness
only make other people uncomfortable.
If one boy cries, we all want to cry.
And since we all want to cry,
but we also don't want to cry,
we need to beat the boy who's crying
to stop him from crying.
You see?.
Oh.
- (PHONE RlNGS AND VlBRATES)
- Oh, shit. Tomothy.
Shit.
TOMOTHY: Jonathan, it's your brother.
I've just had a phone call from Magda.
She told me what you did, you little shit.
D'you really think
you're gonna get away with this?.
Isn't this when you get out there
and tell him to suck your...?.
Shh.
Daddy's turning in his grave, JP.
Squirming in his fucking grave.
If he wasn't already dead,
he'd probably die of shame.
Just call me back straightaway,
or I'm calling Mummy.
Paz tells me you're joining us.
Yeah.
Need to get away for a while,
go off-grid for a bit.
Yeah.
I know what you mean.
Best decision I ever made,
escaping all that shit.
- Job?. Mortgage?.
- You just don't need it.
Wife?. Two kids?.
Had the lot.
It weighs on you.
You know, that kind of baggage.
Out here,
no way they can track me down.
Haven't even got a phone. It's brilliant.
(PHONE RlNGS)
Hello, Ordnance Survey, John speaking.
How can I help?.
Hi, John, it's Howard here.
- I'm sorry?.
- Howard McGregor.
We've been exchanging e-mails
about my potential application
for a job at your company.
Howard, of course. How can I help?.
I'm in London with no phone,
no money, no access to GPS,
and my only piece of navigational
equipment is the old-fashioned compass.
I was wondering
if you might be able to help me.
Go on.
(# CAN: Mother Sky)
Oh...
Sorry, I changed my mind.
I want my feedback.
At the time, I didn't wanna know
my faults, but now I do.
I mean, I already know one of my faults
was not wanting to know my faults.
- But... I'm ready now.
- You were at the workshop?.
- That's right.
- Yeah, I'm sorry,
I think we put all the unwanted feedback
in the bin.
- Oh.
- What was your name again?.
Er, Kingsley Owen.
Could you just maybe...
maybe just tell me what it was
- so I can be better nex time?.
- Right, Kingsley.
Yeah, what did we say about you?.
Er...
Ooh, was it, maybe, um...
Some of my opinions were half-baked?.
- Er...
- Did you find me pretentious?.
Or annoying?.
My personality can be grating?.
- Well...
- I'm inauthentic, maybe?.
I'm boring?. Um...
Oh, no, wait. Um, I'm a people-pleaser.
I'm indecisive?.
- Sorry, were you in today or yesterday?.
- Um...
Well, today.
It was... It was... It was today.
Right, it's just we've been running these
workshops all week, I'm ever so sorry.
Um...
I'm the guy who listens to I'm Ready by
Royal Trux when he gets fucked up on Jack,
- but then...
- Right, yes!
Now I remember, yeah.
Yeah, I asked what music you liked and...
you were talking for about half an hour
and I couldn't really work out
what your answer was.
It was all, like,
"Oh, I don't really believe in genres."
But, you know, all I wanted to know was...
d'you like U2 or do you not?.
I'm sorry,
I don't really understand the question.
Cut golf, cut fencing, cut fucking
Juggle Soc, OK, Nas, I don't care.
Just do it.
You know the radio waves from that thing
are being absorbed by your brain?.
It's OK, I don't mind.
Is that...?.
- Are you doing your poetry?.
- Yeah.
You can write better poems in the sand
than in any of your fucking books.
I've written over 1,000 poems in the sand.
I've written a whole screenplay
in the sand.
- Awesome.
- And once they're finished...
... no-one will ever read them.
- Right, and that's good, is it?.
- Right, so, are we ready to begin?.
JOSlE: Yes.
In the words of Shirley Bassey, Pink
and Welsh hero Rhydian Roberts
from The X Factor,
- let's get this party started.
- PAZ: Wait.
Before you drink,
you must cleanse the space.
Speak your truth.
If you don't,
you can have a very, very bad trip.
I once hallucinated 1,000 Jabba the Hutts
crawling out of my eye sockets
and ejaculating onto my breasts.
Yeah?.
So, unless you want that, get any little
grudges, any secrets, out in the open.
Cos once you drink this stuff,
it is all coming out, one way or another.
Ring this bell when you're ready.
I'll come and pour the eraldaketa.
Yeah.
Mm-hm.
Mm-hm. Yes, thank you.
Howard...
Anyone who can find their way to HQ
using nothing more
than latitudinal coordinates
and an old-fashioned compass
might be just the kind of candidate
we're looking for here at Ordnance Survey.
And especially one
with such great taste in knitwear.
Well, now you've got me, are there
any questions you'd like to ask me?.
Well...
actually,
I wanted to ask if you could see your way
to lending me £29 in cash?.
You what?.
That is the peak-time fare
from London to Manchester
without which, unless I manage
to meet up with my friends,
I won't be able to make it home.
I would, of course, repay you.
Perhaps...
...at my interview.
And, yes, I should have checked
what murderball was,
but I've been really busy with Fulbright
and my dissertation and the Shawcross.
And what have I learned?.
That I can't trust my staff.
And I guess I'm also feeling really bad
because I haven't read any good poems
and I need to find one
to send to Jeanette Winterson.
(SlGHS) But I'll get round to it
after we've finished this.
Er, OK, I think I'm done.
Jobbo?.
You got something?.
OK, so, um...
I was hoping to find a better time
to talk about this,
but I think I need to say it now because
I'm quite afraid of having a bad trip.
Yeah, no big deal, but l...
woke up yesterday morning
and it turns out
that I had had sex with JP.
Again.
You...
We've actually, um...
done it quite a few times recently,
regularly.
So...yeah.
OK.
There's no need to look at me like that,
all right, Mrs Judge and Mrs Judgey.
OK?. I'm not going out with him.
It's just sex.
Jobbo is very much like Vod
in that respect.
I just use men and I dump 'em
when I'm through with 'em.
How's that like me?.
You know what I mean.
I don't give a shit
about anyone else's feelings.
I just chuck people away
whenever I decide to move on.
OK.
Er... Oh, I've got one.
- I fucked JP.
- What?.!
- Really?.
- Yeah.
No.
Or was it the other one?.
Maybe it was another house.
When we all went to Liverpool
on that night.
- We've never been to Liverpool.
- Oh, yeah.
No, I didn't wanna fuck JP.
So, I didn't.
Right, take this seriously.
We're meant to be speaking our truth.
All right. Here's one.
I don't like Jobbo.
- I think Jobbo's a wanker.
- What?.!
How can you not like Jobbo
when she's so clearly based on you?.
I knew it.
- How is Jobbo like me?.
- I'm just cruising through life,
never facing up to any of the consequences
of my actions.
I'm so fucking cool, it hurts.
Well, no, you're not. And neither am l.
- Yes, you are.
- Am I like that, Oregon?.
- No.
- Vod, you've nearly finished uni
and you're about to fuck off
and live on some commune.
- You're doing what?.
- Yeah, she's planning to move here.
At least I'm not shagging JP.
I can't believe
you're planning to move here.
I knew you were judging me.
How dare you,
after everything you've done?.
OK, yes,
it's disgusting.
Yes, it's not very fair on Kingsley.
Yes, it's sneaky to do it
behind my friends' backs.
But maybe, if my friends weren't being
such fucking self-important twats,
then maybe I wouldn't have done it
in the first place.
"Oh, oh, we're third years,
we're so important."
"Oh, no, I can't come for a pint with you,
Josie. I'm union president."
"Oh, no, I can't.
I've gotta write my dissertation."
"We don't care about Josie
and her stupid, second year, immature
"wanting to hang out
and do fun stuff bullshit."
So, now she's lonely
and she's accidentally
had quite a lot of sex with JP.
But that could happen to anyone.
One time you asked me
to go for a pint with you
because you said everybody else was busy.
Which proves my point.
Do you think I've had a pint with Oregon?.
If I wanna see Oregon,
I have to make a fucking appointment.
You don't have to make an appointment.
OK, so you've got time
to go for a pint with Oregon...
Oregon is my best mate, Josie.
And I hardly see her any more.
Oh, my God. This is so unfair.
I'm applying to be a Fulbright scholar.
I'm union president.
BOTH: (MOCKlNGLY) "I'm union president."
Oh, fuck you.
You're both selfish,
you're both self-centred,
and I'm shagging JP
and you're both responsible.
You are really fucking me off now, Josie.
Yeah, well, if you cared about any of us,
Vod, then you'd come back to Manchester,
Iike a proper friend,
and you'd finish uni.
But, no, you don't give a shit,
so you're just dropping out.
You wanna shut your fucking mouth
right now before I lose my temper.
D'you think Jobbo's scared of you?.
Because she's not.
- Maybe she should be.
- Maybe she's not.
Oh, God, I'm so sorry.
I didn't mean to. I'm really...
- OREGON: Stop it!
- VOD: I'm gonna kill you!
OREGON: Josie, stop it. Ah!
Ow!
VOD: Rrrgh!
You know, I worked really hard
to get to Manchester, Josie.
I worked my factory job in the day
and did an access course at night,
and lived on fucking beans
so I could afford our rent near college.
And now I'm about...
£5 billion in debt.
And guess what?.
I don't have Mummy and Daddy
to come and bail me out. I'm on my own.
So, I might have fucked about a bit
these past three years,
but if you think that means I don't
give a shit then you don't know me.
Here's your fucking truth.
What are we gonna do?.
We can't just hang around London
on the off-chance that we bump into him.
I knew we should have put a tag on him.
"Please look after this Howard."
- We've gotta get on the coach.
- Yeah.
Just hope he finds his way back,
like a big, bearded homing pigeon.
Wait.
Look.
Howard!
We've found you.
The nex time we go on a trip
and I propose arranging a safe
meeting point in case of nuclear attack,
- I suggest you take me seriously.
- Oh, fuck it.
Thank God you're safe.
It's not that bad, you know.
A solid 2:2. Borderline 2:1.
A 2:1?.
It's not actually that hard to get a 2:1.
You basically just have to hand stuff in.
I don't want a 2:1. I want a first.
Do you?.
Yeah.
I've always wanted a first.
Just something about a first
just appeals to me more than a 2:1.
Know what I mean?.
Kind of.
Let me get this straight.
You either want a first
or you want to leave civilisation?.
Yeah.
If we leave now, we can still make it back
in time for you to hand this in.
Yeah, OK.
I'm killing Jobbo!
HOWARD: Just to check...
Begging a future employer for bus fare...
Impressively nonchalant
or incredibly bad first impression?.
(PHONE RlNGS AND VlBRATES)
Mummy?.
Have you spoken to Tomothy?.
Tomothy?. No, he hasn't called me.
Why?.
What the bloody hell have you done?.
Well, I don't know
what he's talking about, Mummy.
JOSlE: "And so I said, 'Could I be dead
" 'Or should I be in Maidenhead??' "
BOTH: Shit.
"Let me be alone till now
- "l..."
- Shit.
"Whose woods these are, I think I know
"His house is in the village, though."
ALL: Shit.
- ALL: Shit.
- VOD: Shit.
ALL: Shit.
ALL: Shit!
#...No, I don't listen
to their wasted lines
# Got my eyes wide open
# And I see the signs
# But they don't know about us
# And they've never heard of love
- # Doo doo-doo-doo
- # Why should it matter to us
# If they don 't approve?.
# Doo doo-doo-doo
# We should just take our chances
# While we've got nothing to lose... #
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org